lazy marketers tend to be amazing i have
over 700 people working on my ad agency
np digital within the next 12 months
i'll probably hire another 300 plus
employees
over the years i've hired over 2 000
people that's a lot of people and i've
learned that some of the best marketers
tend to be the lazy ones
lazy marketers neil you're crazy right
let me explain
first off majority of the people who
work for me aren't lazy and when i say
lazy it doesn't mean that they're not
willing to work 40 hours or 50 hours a
week a lot of times it just means they
don't want to do that specific task or
work
but in marketing to do well you need
creativity
in essence you have to think outside the
box because
you'll never have as many resources as
your competition they've been around
longer they have millions of dollars and
you don't they can spend money on ads
and lose money right away and you can't
so how do you get creative
you hire lazy markers now don't confuse
lazy with dumb or lazy with people who
aren't willing to work 40 50 hours a
week if you hire smart people who have
ambition to win but don't like putting
in the effort they will figure out
shortcuts especially if they don't want
to put in the effort on mundane boring
tasks in other words they'll figure out
how to automate a lot of tasks that are
eating up a lot of people's time because
they'd rather be doing something else or
they'll figure out hacks to beat your
competition because they don't want to
grind it out in the same way that your
competition did because it'll take too
many hours it's not that they don't want
to put in 180 hours it's just like wait
there must be a better more efficient
way and yes some people consider that
lazy but i consider that a great quality
so for a portion of your hires one out
of ten if you're small or three out of a
hundred if you're a larger company like
ours look for lazy smart people ones who
are ambitious still willing to work the
hours but they don't want to do the
mundane boring tasks or put in 180 hours
you know every month doing something
that the competition is doing because
they believe there's a better way
you want people who are like hey i can
get more done in less hours and get
better results and they'll figure out
how because they want to spend their
time doing other things whether it's
playing soccer or whether it's doing
other marketing activities or whether
it's reading and learning now here's an
example of the lazy marker that i hired
who've climbed the ranks of my
organization keep in mind he's smart and
i got his permission to use his name in
the video his name is kyo bellezza and
he started off as a link builder in
brazil then he helped build our
operations in our smp division and then
he started helping with global expansion
now with kyle he works way more than 40
50 hours a week right when i mean he's
lazy
i'm talking about he hated to create
proposals so he created templates for
that and then he rolled it out to
arrested team to make their lives easier
he was tired of sales reps asking could
they close the deal at a certain price
so when clients try to negotiate you
know he's just like wait this is too
many people for me to deal with this is
inefficient let me build a calculator
that just gives our sales reps to answer
so they don't have to ask me again he
was tired of following up with clients
to get payments when credit card failed
so he started to create a process where
you get their ach information and credit
card details so that way there's backup
options so that way more payments go
through
in other words he figures out systems
and processes to automate tasks that he
doesn't want to deal with over and over
again he puts in the hours that's needed
to get things done
but he hates dealing with the same
things over and over again that
shouldn't be dealt with and that he
feels there's better solutions that's
what i mean by lazy now he does love his
job and i mentioned he's ambitious he's
smart and he puts in way more than 50
hours a week working and he's just lazy
from the aspect that he doesn't like
doing things that he believes at a waste
of time that other people don't mind
doing each and every single week when
he's like wait i can automate this
now if you need help with your marketing
check out my ad agency np digital if you
have any questions leave a comment below
i hope i didn't offend anyone by using
the word lazy i didn't mean it in a bad
way i more so use it to refer to
creative people who like thinking
outside the box
i hope you enjoyed this video subscribe
to this channel like it thank you for
watching